# Car Rental App
The Car Rental app program contains several classes. Those classes are Account, Customer, Car, Bronze, Silver, Gold, Car Rental GUI, and Confirm box. The Account class is a super class for the Bronze, Silver, and Gold classes that inherit properties of that class. The Customer class collects information for the customer. The Car class collects information about the cars and which customer is renting the car. There are a few methods for the Car class for adding a customer, removing a customer, and adding miles. It should be noted that cars can only have one customer, but a customer can rent many cars. The Car Rental GUI is where the main method lives that executes the GUI. The Confirm Box class is a class that will create a pop up box when exiting the program. <br/><br/>
The Car Rental App collects data for Car Rental employees to keep track of an inventory of cars, an inventory of customers, and a record of which cars are rented and by whom. The program also creates new customer accounts. When creating accounts, the employee can choose to register the customer as a Bronze level, Silver level, and a Gold level. Customers can rent a car that is in their account level and below. For example, Gold members have the highest selection of cars and can choose from Gold cars, Silver cars, and Bronze cars, with Gold cars being the most luxurious car. Silver members can pick either a Silver level car or a Bronze car. Bronze members can only select Bronze cars. When a customer returns a car, for the sake of simplicity, a random number is generated for the number of miles and then the Car's mileage is updated in the car inventory. Right now, the program is to assume that the car rental place is not going to expand its inventory of cars. <br/><br/>This project was made with the Java FX GUI library version 17.0.1. There are no known bugs at this time when using the program as intended.
